---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

_What did you do this past week?_ Over the past week, I started the third year of my UTCS career and started learning more about my current course work. 

_What's in your way?_ Poor planning of my class schedule is a hurdle I am struggling through; however, I am working on dealing with the current situation and making sure I can still be successful with my academics. 

_What will you do next week?_ For the next week, I plan to familiarize myself with Docker and Python.  


**Class Experience** Professor Downing's class is a pleasant surprise to a CS student who is used to lectures, powerpoints, and a focus on theory. Software Engineering seems to be one of the most practical classes a CS student can take at the University of Texas at Austin. Classwork and projects are focused on learning industry tools and working through real world problems such as collaboration. After interning this past summer, I was surprised to see tools and similar concepts in the classroom that I found in the workplace, i.e. Docker and CI. Additionally, I really appreciated Professor Downing's teaching style. He chooses to work through problems with students during class time maximizing student's hands on time with the material. He almost creates a one-on-one learning environment for each student while in a classroom setting. 

#### Tip of the Week
Don't schedule your life around a class schedule  that is not set in stone. I never expected to get off the waitlist for Software Engineering, so I planned a trip to New York to visit my sister on the first weekend of school and unfortunately missed class. After attending the first SWE class, I realized it is a class I am genuinely interested in and will work hard to make up for the missed class. So don't be surprised if you're 60th on the waitlist and still get into the class! On a more technical note, a fun tip is that a personal website (like this one) is really easy to make through Github pages and Jekyll!
