---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---

_What did you do this past week?_ This past week, I started to read through some of the articles assigned to us, both in the books and the ones available online.

_What's in your way?_ Since classes have just started, I don't think there are any blockers that could prevent me from moving forward. However, I could foresee lack of Python knowledge and working with new technologies to be a potential road block.

_What will you do next week?_ In this next week, I'll verify that I have all of the appropriate things set up on my laptop and that they are all functioning properly. Also, I plan on looking into some Python stuff to better familiarize myself with syntax.


**Class Experience** So far, the class has been different than other computer science courses I've taken in the past few years. Like all professors, Professor Downing walked us through the expectations of the course, what type of things we'll need to have installed for the next weeks, and so on. However, Professor Downing steps through coding examples, and he calls on his students 
This personally makes me more attentive, and it's exciting to see what other students know. I like how there is interaction between the students and the professor. This helps me to retain the information better.

#### Tip of the Week
Code coverage and testing is super important. If your tests don't cover all of your code, there's a possibility that you could run into some issues later on with lines that weren't tested.
